JP-4358: Follow on to the New Persistence Flagging (#10629)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/10629.persistence.rst

Reviewer: Changing usage how, exactly?  More information in the changelog entry would be helpful.

Author: It changes it for batch processing, rather than processing a single file.

It is desired to reuse the same persistence file array when processing multiple files. These changes guard against the problems associated with doing this can happen, like having different `persistence_time` in the file, than is requested in the step parameters, as well as preventing persistence flagging from one detector does not impact flagging of different detectors.

In the past, I've included detailed information, but was told to put a single, high level statement in the change fragment.

Reviewer: I think there's a way to include more information but keep this a single relatively high-level sentence.

Author: I've updated this and will push it soon. Take a look to see if that helps.

Changing for reuse persistence array file for batch processing, to handle out

> of chronological processing and separate detector level information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve support for batch processing by separating detector-level information and reusing the persistence array file.
```
is something like this factually correct?

Reviewer 2: This looks better to me

Author: Yes

Reviewer: @stscirij to clarify, which version do you prefer? what's currently in there, or my suggestion?

Reviewer 2: I prefer @emolter suggestion:
"Improve support for batch processing by separating detector-level information and reusing the persistence array file."

Author: I thought I updated this, but didn't. I just pushed the change.
